Thus far have you learned a lot about the template of the approach and how we can create great forums
with it.
Now let's move on let's leave the world of validating user input here.
And let's say we want to find some default values should which should be displayed for example on the
dropdown here.
Right now it's empty by default.
Well would be nice.
One of the two questions would be selected right.
For days we can change the way we add and Jumala.
Right now we added like this without property or event binding node two way data binding.
Well we can use it together with property bindings so let's add some square brackets around that no
parentheses so that we're not using two way by binding as of now.
And now we can bind it SUPERVALU and memor with it.
I mean the control this inport here which is turned into a control by angler in the background.
So this select your can now be bound to a default value and you could even have a hard code a string
into there.
Don't forget the single quotation marks in this case.
Or are you set up a property like let's say default.
Question Which would be Pat Pat.
Because that is one of the two valid values the other one being teacher for this question here.
So now we can bind us to default question and if we now save this and let it reload you'll see that.
Now Pat is selected.
And of course if we switched just to teacher Well it shouldn't be a surprise that the Alber value is
selected.
So now all of a sudden we're using a default value.
And of course this does not only work for the dropdown It would also work for a user name.
You could point to a default string there pre populating this field with a default username.
Very useful and something you should definitely keep in mind that you are not limited to using energy
more than without any bindings.
You can use one way binding property binding to set a default value.
Of course this value can still be overwritten.
You can still pick a different option here.